---
layout: post
title: "KIXLAB at CHI 2019"
date: 2019-05-06 00:00:00
author: Admin
categories: news
img: default.png
thumb: default.png
summary: Members of KIXLAB and collaborators will present one full paper and two late-breaking-work posters at CHI 2019. Nine members of KIXLAB will be attending CHI.
---

Members of KIXLAB and collaborators will present one full paper and two late-breaking-work posters at CHI 2019. Nine members of KIXLAB will be attending CHI.

Check out our [publications page](https://kixlab.org/publications/) for paper PDFs, videos, and other resources.

<h2>Full Papers</h2>

<strong>How to Design Voice Based Navigation for How-To Videos</strong><br/>
Minsuk Chang, Ahn Truong, Oliver Wang, Maneesh Agrawala, Juho Kim.<br/>
<em>Monday 11am @ Boisdale 2: Interacting with Videos</em><br/>
"How might we help people engaged with physical tasks to use voice to navigate how-to videos? What do people naturally do to voice control their video? How can we better design voice+video interfaces?"


<h2>Late-Breaking-Work</h2>

<strong>Crowdsourcing Perspectives on Public Policy from Stakeholders</strong><br/>
Hyunwoo Kim, Eun-young Ko, Donghoon Han, Sung-chul Lee, Simon Perrault, Jihee Kim, Juho Kim.<br/>
<em>LBW1220. Tuesday 10:20-11:00 & 15:20-16:00 @ Hall 4</em><br/>
"What if we citizensource diverse perspectives on public policy, by specifically capturing views from related stakeholder groups?"

<strong>SolveDeep: A System for Supporting Subgoal Learning in Online Math Problem Solving</strong><br/>
Hyoungwook Jin, Minsuk Chang, Juho Kim.<br/>
<em>LBW1112. Tuesday 10:20-11:00 & 15:20-16:00 @ Hall 4</em><br/>
"What if we learnersource diverse problem solving approaches and use the collective solution structure to give interactive feedback to future learners?"


<h2>Workshop</h2>

Minsuk Chang will participate in the [Workshop on Computational Modeling in Human-Computer Interaction](https://hcicompmodeling.wordpress.com/) with his position paper titled "User-Centered Graphical Models of Interaction" by Minsuk Chang and Juho Kim.

Eun-young Ko will participate in the [Workshop on HCI for Accurate, Impartial and Transparent Journalism: Challenges and Solutions](http://hciandjournalism.com/) with her position paper titled "Readersourcing an Accurate and Comprehensive Understanding of Health-related Information Represented by Media" by Eun-Young Ko, Ching Liu, Hyuntak Cha, and Juho Kim.

<h2>HCI@KAIST</h2>

[HCI@KAIST](https://sites.google.com/site/hcikaist/) is KAIST's campus-wide HCI research community with ~20 labs across 5 departments. HCI@KAIST presents 14 full papers at CHI 2019. As a proud member of HCI@KAIST, we're co-hosting [KAIST Night](https://sites.google.com/site/hcikaist/chi2019) on May 7th.
